README.md, before:

# problem-solving

This is a personal repo for revising Algo

Not all Algo is original some are mine mostly all the upper one
While the last one might be someone else's Algo from other platforms
Like leet code or geekforgeeks

<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0066-plus-one](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0066-plus-one) |
| [0074-search-a-2d-matrix](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0074-search-a-2d-matrix) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0238-product-of-array-except-self](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0238-product-of-array-except-self) |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
| [0747-min-cost-climbing-stairs](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0747-min-cost-climbing-stairs) |
| [0883-car-fleet](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0883-car-fleet) |
| [1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals) |
| [2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower) |
| [3152-maximum-value-of-an-ordered-triplet-ii](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/3152-maximum-value-of-an-ordered-triplet-ii) |
| [3154-maximum-value-of-an-ordered-triplet-i](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/3154-maximum-value-of-an-ordered-triplet-i) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0338-counting-bits](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0338-counting-bits) |
| [0392-is-subsequence](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0392-is-subsequence) |
| [0747-min-cost-climbing-stairs](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0747-min-cost-climbing-stairs) |
| [2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0006-zigzag-conversion](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0006-zigzag-conversion) |
| [0125-valid-palindrome](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0125-valid-palindrome) |
| [0392-is-subsequence](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0392-is-subsequence) |
| [1023-time-based-key-value-store](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1023-time-based-key-value-store) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0019-remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0019-remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list) |
| [0125-valid-palindrome](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0125-valid-palindrome) |
| [0141-linked-list-cycle](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0141-linked-list-cycle) |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
| [0392-is-subsequence](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0392-is-subsequence) |
## Binary Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0074-search-a-2d-matrix](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0074-search-a-2d-matrix) |
| [0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
| [1023-time-based-key-value-store](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1023-time-based-key-value-store) |
## Prefix Sum
|  |
| ------- |
| [0238-product-of-array-except-self](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0238-product-of-array-except-self) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0138-copy-list-with-random-pointer](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0138-copy-list-with-random-pointer) |
| [0141-linked-list-cycle](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0141-linked-list-cycle) |
| [0146-lru-cache](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0146-lru-cache) |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
| [1023-time-based-key-value-store](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1023-time-based-key-value-store) |
| [1218-lowest-common-ancestor-of-deepest-leaves](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1218-lowest-common-ancestor-of-deepest-leaves) |
## Linked List
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
| [0019-remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0019-remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list) |
| [0023-merge-k-sorted-lists](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0023-merge-k-sorted-lists) |
| [0114-flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0114-flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list) |
| [0138-copy-list-with-random-pointer](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0138-copy-list-with-random-pointer) |
| [0141-linked-list-cycle](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0141-linked-list-cycle) |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
| [0146-lru-cache](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0146-lru-cache) |
| [0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list) |
## Bit Manipulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
| [0338-counting-bits](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0338-counting-bits) |
| [1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
| [0066-plus-one](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0066-plus-one) |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
| [1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
| [0883-car-fleet](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0883-car-fleet) |
## Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0114-flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0114-flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list) |
| [1218-lowest-common-ancestor-of-deepest-leaves](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1218-lowest-common-ancestor-of-deepest-leaves) |
## Depth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0114-flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0114-flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list) |
| [0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list) |
| [1218-lowest-common-ancestor-of-deepest-leaves](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1218-lowest-common-ancestor-of-deepest-leaves) |
## Breadth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [1218-lowest-common-ancestor-of-deepest-leaves](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1218-lowest-common-ancestor-of-deepest-leaves) |
## Binary Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0114-flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0114-flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list) |
| [1218-lowest-common-ancestor-of-deepest-leaves](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1218-lowest-common-ancestor-of-deepest-leaves) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0114-flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0114-flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list) |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
| [0883-car-fleet](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0883-car-fleet) |
## Monotonic Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0883-car-fleet](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0883-car-fleet) |
## Doubly-Linked List
|  |
| ------- |
| [0146-lru-cache](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0146-lru-cache) |
| [0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list) |
## Recursion
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
## Backtracking
|  |
| ------- |
| [1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals) |
## Combinatorics
|  |
| ------- |
| [1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals) |
## Enumeration
|  |
| ------- |
| [1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals) |
## Design
|  |
| ------- |
| [0146-lru-cache](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0146-lru-cache) |
| [1023-time-based-key-value-store](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1023-time-based-key-value-store) |
## Matrix
|  |
| ------- |
| [0074-search-a-2d-matrix](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0074-search-a-2d-matrix) |
## Divide and Conquer
|  |
| ------- |
| [0023-merge-k-sorted-lists](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0023-merge-k-sorted-lists) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [0023-merge-k-sorted-lists](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0023-merge-k-sorted-lists) |
## Merge Sort
|  |
| ------- |
| [0023-merge-k-sorted-lists](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0023-merge-k-sorted-lists) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->

Commit message:

0025-REVERSE-NODES-IN-K-GROUP Stats: Time: 0 ms (100%), Space: 44.7 MB (14.22%) - LeetHub

README.md, after:

# problem-solving

This is a personal repo for revising Algo

Not all Algo is original some are mine mostly all the upper one
While the last one might be someone else's Algo from other platforms
Like leet code or geekforgeeks

<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0066-plus-one](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0066-plus-one) |
| [0074-search-a-2d-matrix](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0074-search-a-2d-matrix) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0238-product-of-array-except-self](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0238-product-of-array-except-self) |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
| [0747-min-cost-climbing-stairs](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0747-min-cost-climbing-stairs) |
| [0883-car-fleet](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0883-car-fleet) |
| [1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals) |
| [2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower) |
| [3152-maximum-value-of-an-ordered-triplet-ii](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/3152-maximum-value-of-an-ordered-triplet-ii) |
| [3154-maximum-value-of-an-ordered-triplet-i](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/3154-maximum-value-of-an-ordered-triplet-i) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0338-counting-bits](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0338-counting-bits) |
| [0392-is-subsequence](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0392-is-subsequence) |
| [0747-min-cost-climbing-stairs](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0747-min-cost-climbing-stairs) |
| [2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0006-zigzag-conversion](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0006-zigzag-conversion) |
| [0125-valid-palindrome](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0125-valid-palindrome) |
| [0392-is-subsequence](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0392-is-subsequence) |
| [1023-time-based-key-value-store](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1023-time-based-key-value-store) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0019-remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0019-remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list) |
| [0125-valid-palindrome](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0125-valid-palindrome) |
| [0141-linked-list-cycle](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0141-linked-list-cycle) |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
| [0392-is-subsequence](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0392-is-subsequence) |
## Binary Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0033-search-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0074-search-a-2d-matrix](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0074-search-a-2d-matrix) |
| [0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0153-find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array) |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
| [1023-time-based-key-value-store](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1023-time-based-key-value-store) |
## Prefix Sum
|  |
| ------- |
| [0238-product-of-array-except-self](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0238-product-of-array-except-self) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0138-copy-list-with-random-pointer](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0138-copy-list-with-random-pointer) |
| [0141-linked-list-cycle](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0141-linked-list-cycle) |
| [0146-lru-cache](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0146-lru-cache) |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
| [1023-time-based-key-value-store](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1023-time-based-key-value-store) |
| [1218-lowest-common-ancestor-of-deepest-leaves](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1218-lowest-common-ancestor-of-deepest-leaves) |
## Linked List
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
| [0019-remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0019-remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list) |
| [0023-merge-k-sorted-lists](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0023-merge-k-sorted-lists) |
| [0025-reverse-nodes-in-k-group](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0025-reverse-nodes-in-k-group) |
| [0114-flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0114-flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list) |
| [0138-copy-list-with-random-pointer](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0138-copy-list-with-random-pointer) |
| [0141-linked-list-cycle](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0141-linked-list-cycle) |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
| [0146-lru-cache](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0146-lru-cache) |
| [0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list) |
## Bit Manipulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
| [0338-counting-bits](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0338-counting-bits) |
| [1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
| [0066-plus-one](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0066-plus-one) |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
| [1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
| [0883-car-fleet](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0883-car-fleet) |
## Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0114-flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0114-flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list) |
| [1218-lowest-common-ancestor-of-deepest-leaves](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1218-lowest-common-ancestor-of-deepest-leaves) |
## Depth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0114-flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0114-flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list) |
| [0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list) |
| [1218-lowest-common-ancestor-of-deepest-leaves](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1218-lowest-common-ancestor-of-deepest-leaves) |
## Breadth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [1218-lowest-common-ancestor-of-deepest-leaves](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1218-lowest-common-ancestor-of-deepest-leaves) |
## Binary Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0114-flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0114-flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list) |
| [1218-lowest-common-ancestor-of-deepest-leaves](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1218-lowest-common-ancestor-of-deepest-leaves) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0114-flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0114-flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list) |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
| [0883-car-fleet](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0883-car-fleet) |
## Monotonic Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0883-car-fleet](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0883-car-fleet) |
## Doubly-Linked List
|  |
| ------- |
| [0146-lru-cache](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0146-lru-cache) |
| [0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0766-flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list) |
## Recursion
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
| [0025-reverse-nodes-in-k-group](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0025-reverse-nodes-in-k-group) |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
## Backtracking
|  |
| ------- |
| [1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals) |
## Combinatorics
|  |
| ------- |
| [1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals) |
## Enumeration
|  |
| ------- |
| [1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1993-sum-of-all-subset-xor-totals) |
## Design
|  |
| ------- |
| [0146-lru-cache](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0146-lru-cache) |
| [1023-time-based-key-value-store](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/1023-time-based-key-value-store) |
## Matrix
|  |
| ------- |
| [0074-search-a-2d-matrix](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0074-search-a-2d-matrix) |
## Divide and Conquer
|  |
| ------- |
| [0023-merge-k-sorted-lists](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0023-merge-k-sorted-lists) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [0023-merge-k-sorted-lists](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0023-merge-k-sorted-lists) |
## Merge Sort
|  |
| ------- |
| [0023-merge-k-sorted-lists](https://github.com/sanjay-kr-commit/problem-solving/tree/master/0023-merge-k-sorted-lists) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->
